# Interview segmentation data

All the following files contain linear segmentations serialized as [JSON in the Segeval format](http://segeval.readthedocs.org/en/latest/user/quickstart/#loading-data).

---

[**`segmentations.json`**](segmentations.json)<a name="segmentations"></a>

All human-created segmentations. Each segmentation is sentence-based, i.e. the segment masses are number of sentences per segment.

---

[**`segmentations-by-speaker-turns.json`**](segmentations-by-speaker-turns.json)

All human-created segmentations, each segmentation is *speaker-turn-based*, i.e. the segment masses are number of *speaker turns* per segment. This was generated using the script [`project.py`](../project.py) and the data files [`segmentations.json`](#segmentations) (see above) and [`speakers.json`](#speakers) (see below).

    project.py segmentations.json speakers.json 

---

[**`speakers.json`**](speakers.json)<a name="speakers"></a>

Segmentations with boundaries placed at each point there is a speaker change.

---

[**`speechblocks.json`**](speechblocks.json)

Segmentations with boundaries placed at each point there is a speaker change *or paragraph break* in the original interview transcript.

---

**`segmentations-`coder name`.json`**

These are simply subdivisions of [`segmentations.json`](#segmentations) into files that only contain segmentations from a single coder, and their speaker-turn-based variations.

---

[**`segmentations-null.json`**](segmentations-null.json)<br>
[**`segmentations-null-by-speaker-turns.json`**](segmentations-null-by-speaker-turns.json)

A null (no boundaries) segmentation generated using [`nullseg.py`](../nullseg.py) and [`segmentations.json`](#segmentations), and it's speaker-turn-based version.

    nullseg.py segmentations.json

---

[**`segmentations-random.json`**](segmentations-random.json)<br>
[**`segmentations-random-by-speaker-turns.json`**](segmentations-random-by-speaker-turns.json)

A random segmentation generated using [`randomseg.py`](../randomseg.py) and [`segmentations.json`](#segmentations), and it's speaker-turn-based version.

    randomseg.py segmentations.json

---

[**`texttiling-parameter-sweep`**](texttiling-parameter-sweep)

Directory with a large number of segmentations generated by [running TextTiling ](https://github.com/contours/textseg/blob/master/run-texttiling.hs) with various different parameter settings. The filenames reflect the values assigned to the following parameters: 

* `w` : pseudosentence (token sequence) size
* `k` : block size
* `m` : depth score cutoff is `(mean(depth) - m*(stddev(depth))`
* `n` : number of rounds of smoothing
* `s` : smoothing width
